# local_manifest.xml       (THESE ARE ALL SET FOR DEVICE MARLIN-YOU WILL NEED TO DELETE MARLIN AND ADD YOURS IF ITS SUPPORTED)

Use this repo to help get the local_manifest.xml that you need. BootleggersROM local is available. Dirty Unicorns is available, along with AOSP. I have several that I have created to get builds done. If your here its because your new or newish and are having problems creating a local manifest. Relax, and run this script open the xml files and see how easy they are to create. Make sure you place the local manifest in your repos .repo/manifests/local_manifest folder. If one does not exsist simply create it. To use this script and change it to your liking make it executable by going to your cloned folder cd local_manifest.xml, then run chmod a+x git.sh ; after run ./git.sh Thats it you cloned the repo with local_manifest.xml files. Ive included a DirtyUnicorns script that will get you the local for them; DUxml.sh ; same instructions apply. You will want to open the .sh file and change the path to you own /home/user/Documents etc. Make sure you add it to path.

Marlin is no longer a maintained source. The install-it-all.sh script has been updated and I have tested it. To run install-it-all you will grant it permission by opening terminal and typing chmod a+x install-it-all.sh and press enter. Then type ./install-it-all.sh and press enter. This script will set up Android Build Env ready to use. For those more experienced you will want to ad your own personal touches and tools.
I will soon update this script to add SDK and NDK command line tools. Thanks 
